AMB Express
http://www.amb-express.com/latest/rss
Applied and Environmental Microbiology
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=0cK0_cFqGC4tDVto1RGkYN5piGu5jRgm44u8UKctsdh
Applied biochemistry and biotechnology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/hum/abab?format=rss
Applied microbiology and biotechnology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-0614/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Bioinformatics
http://bioinformatics.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Biologicals
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10451056
Biomedical chromatography
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/2770
Biomedical Instrumentation and Technology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2036467
Biopharm International
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=595249
Biotechnology Advances
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/4986
Biotechnology and applied biochemistry
http://www.babonline.org/bab/rss/imps.xml
Biotechnology and bioengineering
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/71002188
Biotechnology Journal
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1860-7314
Biotechnology Letters
http://www.springerlink.com/content/100138/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Biotechnology progress
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1021/(ISSN)1520-6033
BMC bioinformatics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcbioinformatics/rss/
BMC biotechnology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcbiotechnol/rss/
BMC genomics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcgenomics/rss
Canadian journal of microbiology
http://pubs.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/rp/cjm_e.rss
Cloning and stem cells
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=po50&amp;ai=sr&amp;jc=clo&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Critical Reviews in Biotechnology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9j1&amp;jc=bty&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Current opinion in biotechnology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09581669
Diagnostic molecular pathology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00019606/current.rss
EMBO journal
http://www.nature.com/emboj/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Enzyme and microbial technology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01410229
Food and bioproducts processing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09603085
Genome research
http://www.genome.org/rss/current.xml
GenomeBiology.com
http://genomebiology.com/rss
Human gene therapy
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ai=s5&amp;jc=hum&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
IEEE transactions on nanobioscience
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/rss/TOC7728.XML
Journal of applied microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118490255
Journal of biomedicine and biotechnology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=jbb
Journal of biotechnology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01681656
Journal of chemical technology and biotechnology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/2517
Journal of commercial biotechnology
http://www.palgrave-journals.com/jcb/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Journal of General Virology
http://vir.sgmjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of industrial microbiology and biotechnology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/100967/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of nanobiotechnology
http://www.jnanobiotechnology.com/rss/
Journal of virological methods
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01660934
Journal of Zhejiang University
http://cnki.eastview.com/kns50/rss.aspx?journal=ZJDX&amp;Virtual=kns50
Letters in applied microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117997861
Mammalian genome
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1777/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Molecular and cellular probes
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08908508
Molecular biotechnology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/hum/mb/latest?format=rss
Molecular therapy
http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Mutation research - Genetic toxicology and environmental mutagenesis
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/13835718
Mutation Research - Reviews in mutation research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/13835742
Nature biotechnology
http://www.nature.com/nbt/current_issue/rss
Nature Methods
http://www.nature.com/nmeth/current_issue/rss
Nature reviews. Drug discovery
http://www.nature.com/nrd/current_issue/rss
Oligonucleotides
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ai=t6&amp;jc=oli&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Pharmacogenetics and Genomics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01213011/current.rss
Physica status solidi. A, Applications and materials science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/40000761
Stem Cells
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/121559876
STI review
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/oecd/10105247/latest?format=rss
Systematic and Applied Mcrobiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07232020
Transgenic research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-9368/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Trends in biotechnology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01677799
Wiley interdisciplinary reviews: Nanomedicine and nanobiotechnology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1939-0041
Yeast
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/3895
