Accounts of chemical research
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/achre4.rss
ACS chemical neuroscience
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/acncdm
Acta Crystallographica Section F
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117982340
Analytical chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/ancham.rss
Angewandte Chemie
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/26737
Beilstein journal of organic chemistry
http://www.beilstein-journals.org/bjoc/content/rss.xml
Bioconjugate chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/bcches.rss
Biological chemistry
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/bchm
Bioorganic and medicinal chemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09680896
Bioorganic and medicinal chemistry letters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0960894X
Bioorganic Chemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00452068
Biotechnic and Histochemistry
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1mct&amp;jc=bih&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Chemical reviews
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/chreay.rss
Chemical senses
http://chemse.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Chemist and druggist
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_37636
Chemistry central journal
http://journal.chemistrycentral.com/editorspicks/rss
ChemMedChem
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1860-7187
Clinica Chimica Acta
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00098981
Clinical chemistry
http://www.clinchem.org/rss/current.xml
Combinatorial chemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/14643383
European journal of medicinal chemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02235234
Helvetica chimica acta
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5007133
Inorganic chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/inocaj.rss
Journal of Cheminformatics
http://www.jcheminf.com/rss/
Journal of Clinical Laboratory Analysis
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1098-2825
Journal of combinatorial chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/action/showFeed?jc=jcchff&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of mass spectrometry
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/6043
Journal of neurochemistry
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/jnc/latest?format=rss
Journal of organic chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/joceah.rss
journal of physical chemistry. A
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jpcafh.rss
journal of physical chemistry. B, Materials, surfaces, interfaces and biophysical
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jpcbfk.rss
Journal of polymer science. Part A, Polymer chemistry
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/36444
Journal of polymer science. Part B, Polymer physics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/36698
Journal of the American Chemical Society
http://pubs.acs.org/action/showFeed?jc=jacsat&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
LC GC North America
http://www.lcgcmag.com/lcgc/lcgc.rss
Macromolecules
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/mamobx.rss
Mass spectrometry reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/49879
Nature Chemical Biology
http://www.nature.com/nchembio/current_issue/rss
Neuroanatomy
http://www.neuroanatomy.org/rss/rss.xml
Neurochemical research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-6903/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Organic and Medicinal Chemistry Letters
http://www.orgmedchemlett.com/latest/rss
Organic letters
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/orlef7.rss
Perspectives in Medicinal Chemistry
http://la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=25
Photochemical and photobiological sciences
http://www.rsc.org/publishing/journals/rssfeed.asp?FeedType=LatestArticles&amp;JournalCode=PP
Phytochemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00319422
Rapid communications in mass spectrometry
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/4849
