Accident Analysis and Prevention
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00014575
Acta Tropica
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0001706X
African Journal of Reproductive Health
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/wharc/ajrh/latest?format=rss
American journal of tropical medicine and hygiene
http://www.ajtmh.org/rss/current.xml
Annals of African Medicine
http://search.proquest.com/publication:rsslink?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_226534
Annals of Saudi medicine
http://search.proquest.com/publication:rsslink?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_226530
Annals of tropical medicine and parasitology
http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.run?_id=61b2ed195a9bf6351713566e6e61a2c0&amp;_render=rss&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Frss.ebscohost.com%2FAlertSyndicationService%2FSyndication.asmx%2FGetFeed%3Fguid
BMC international health and human rights
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcinthealthhumrights/rss/
BMJ
http://www.bmj.com/rss/recent.xml
Bulletin of the World Health Organization
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2435205
Cadernos de saúde pública
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0102-311X&amp;lang=en
EcoHealth
http://www.metapress.com/content/110812/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Emerging Infectious Diseases
http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/eid/rss/upcoming.xml
European Journal of Population/Revue européenne de Démographie
http://www.springerlink.com/content/102885/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
European Journal of Public Health
http://eurpub.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Global Health Governance
http://blogs.shu.edu/ghg/feed/
Health Care for Women International
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=4owdr4&amp;ai=18n&amp;jc=uhcw20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Health Expectations
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117991733
Health Policy and Planning
http://heapol.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Health Promotion International
http://heapro.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Health Services Series
http://www.abs.gov.au/websitedbs/D3310114.nsf/home/rss+help
Health, Risk and Society
http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.run?_id=01ff7b1943ddb8f350467b586552bec7&amp;_render=rss&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Frss.ebscohost.com%2FAlertSyndicationService%2FSyndication.asmx%2FGetFeed%3Fguid
Infectious Disease News
http://www.infectiousdiseasenews.com/rss.ashx
International Journal for Equity in Health
http://www.equityhealthj.com/rss/
International Journal for Quality in Health Care
http://intqhc.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
International Journal of Epidemiology
http://ije.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
International Journal of Health Care Finance and Economics
http://springerlink.metapress.com/content/106603/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International Journal of Health Services
http://www.metapress.com/content/300313/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International Migration Review
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117987287
Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine
http://www.ethnobiomed.com/rss
Journal of Global Infectious Diseases
http://www.jgid.org/rssfeed.asp
Journal of Health and Social Behavior
http://hsb.sagepub.com/rss
Journal of Public Health Policy
http://www.palgrave-journals.com/jphp/current_issue/rss/index.html
Journal of travel Medicine 
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118489668
Lancet Infectious Diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6666
Malaria Journal
http://www.malariajournal.com/rss/
Medical Anthropology Quarterly
http://www.anthrosource.net/action/showFeed?ai=s3&amp;jc=maq&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117981744
PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases  
http://feeds.feedburner.com/plosntds/NewArticles
Population and Development Review
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117976239
Reproductive Health Matters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09688080
Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/paho/pajph/latest?format=rss
Sexually Transmitted Infections
http://sti.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Social science and medicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02779536
Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00359203
Tropical Medicine and International Health
http://pipes.yahoo.com/pipes/pipe.run?_id=c70bf10dc5843096a76e94d8f15459d3&amp;_render=rss&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.interscience.wiley.com%2Frss%2Fjournal%2F118506842
