Academic medicine
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001888/current.rss
Academic psychiatry
http://ap.psychiatryonline.org/rss/site_4/17.xml
Advances in physiology education
http://advan.physiology.org/rss/current.xml
American journal of pharmaceutical education
http://search.proquest.com/publication:rsslink?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_41120
Archives of disease in childhood. Education and practice edition
http://ep.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
ASA refresher courses in anesthesiology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00126869/current.rss
BMC international health and human rights
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcinthealthhumrights/rss/
BMC medical education
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcmededuc/rss/
Culture, medicine and psychiatry
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-076X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Health education
http://www.emeraldinsight.com/info/RSSFeeds/InsightFeeds/he_rss.xml
Health education research
http://her.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Human resources for health
http://www.human-resources-health.com/rss/
International Journal of Health Promotion and Education
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2038733
International journal of medical sciences
http://www.medsci.org/rss/current.xml
international journal of nursing terminologies and classifications
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118516889
Journal for nurses in staff development
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00124645/current.rss
Journal of Allied Health
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/asahp/jah/latest?format=rss
Journal of Cancer Education
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=13187&amp;channel-name=Journal%20of%20Cancer%20Education
journal of continuing education in nursing
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2642193
Journal of continuing education in the health professions
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/110429912
Journal of Physical Therapy Education
http://rss.ebscohost.com.ezproxy.library.wisc.edu/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1425658
Medical education
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117964731
New directions for teaching and learning
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/86011233
Nurse education today
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02606917
Nurse educator
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00006223/current.rss
Teaching and learning in medicine
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3deric&amp;ai=16j&amp;jc=htlm20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
