Acta Tropica
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0001706X
AIDS
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002030/current.rss
American journal of infection control
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01966553
American Journal of Infectious Diseases
http://www.scipub.org/scipub/xml/ajid.xml
American journal of tropical medicine and hygiene
http://www.ajtmh.org/rss/current.xml
BMC infectious diseases
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcinfectdis/rss/
BMC public health
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpublichealth/rss
Clinical infectious diseases
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu./cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=CID&amp;type=latestissue
Clinical microbiology and infection
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118544741
Comparative immunology, microbiology and infectious diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01479571
Current HIV research
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/ben/chr/latest?format=rss
Current opinion in infectious diseases
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001432/current.rss
Diagnostic microbiology and infectious disease
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07328893
Emerging Infectious Diseases
http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/eid/rss/upcoming.xml
Euro surveillance
http://www.eurosurveillance.org/Public/RSSFeed/RSS.aspx
European journal of clinical investigation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118482631
European journal of clinical microbiology and infectious diseases
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1435-4373/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Genetic epidemiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/35841
Infection
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1439-0973/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Infection and Drug Resistance
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=28
Infection and Immunity
http://iai.asm.org.ezproxy.library.wisc.edu/rss
Infection control and hospital epidemiology
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=ICHE&amp;type=latestissue
Infectious diseases in clinical practice
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00019048/current.rss
Infectious diseases in obstetrics and gynecology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=idog
Interdisciplinary Perspectives on Infectious Diseases
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/ipid/rss.xml
journal of antimicrobial chemotherapy
http://jac.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Journal of autoimmune diseases
http://www.jautoimdis.com/rss
Journal of Global Infectious Diseases
http://www.jgid.org/rssfeed.asp
Journal of hospital infection
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01956701
Journal of infection
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01634453
Journal of Infection in Developing Countries
http://www.jidc.org/index.php?format=feed&amp;type=rss
journal of infectious diseases
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu./cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=JID&amp;type=latestissue
Journal of inherited metabolic disease
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2665/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of lower genital tract disease
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00128360/current.rss
Journal of Venomous Animals and Toxins Including Tropical Diseases
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=1678-9199&amp;lang=en
Lancet Infectious Diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6666
Malaria Journal
http://www.malariajournal.com/rss/
Morbidity and mortality weekly report. CDC surveillance summaries [1546-0738]
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/rss/mmwr.xml
Morbidity and mortality weekly report. Recommendations and reports
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/rss/mmwr.xml
Orphanet journal of rare diseases
http://www.ojrd.com/rss/
Parasites &amp; Vectors
http://www.parasitesandvectors.com/rss/
Pediatric Infectious Disease
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22128328
Pediatric infectious disease journal
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00006454/current.rss
Scandinavian journal of infectious diseases
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lh1&amp;jc=inf&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Sexually transmitted diseases
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00007435/current.rss
Sexually Transmitted Infections
http://sti.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Transplant infectious disease
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117991831
Tropical Parasitology
http://www.tropicalparasitology.org/rssfeed.asp
Virology journal
http://www.virologyj.com/rss
Virus genes
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1572-994X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
