Advances in Nutrition
http://advances.nutrition.org/rss/current.xml
American journal of clinical nutrition
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=04TF5NjRLwuIlHz2EaFu3_SidOVTX2-2RDpXkv5qPMY
Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=ANM
Annual review of nutrition
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=rz&amp;jc=nutr&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Asian Journal of Clinical Nutrition
http://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailverify?uri=1992-1454
Better Nutrition
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2036460
British food journal
http://www.emeraldinsight.com/info/RSSFeeds/InsightFeeds/bfj_rss.xml
British journal of nutrition
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_BJN_rss_2.0.xml
Clinical nutrition
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02615614
Clinical nutrition. Supplements
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=RSSURL&amp;_method=setup&amp;_cid=273214&amp;_acct=C000020958&amp;_version=1&amp;_userid=11050971&amp;md5=dba60641f63e39cb4604be173869067d
Comprehensive reviews in food science and food safety
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118516872
Current opinion in clinical nutrition and metabolic care
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00075197/current.rss
ED Nursing
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037756
Environmental Nutrition
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037767
European journal of clinical nutrition
http://www.nature.com/ejcn/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Food additives and contaminants
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/tandf/tfac/latest?format=rss
Food and bioproducts processing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09603085
Food Science and Human Wellness
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22134530
International breastfeeding journal
http://www.internationalbreastfeedingjournal.com/rss/
international journal of behavioral nutrition and physical activity
http://www.ijbnpa.org/rss
International journal of food sciences and nutrition
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lhp&amp;jc=ijf&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
International journal of obesity
http://www.nature.com/ijo/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Journal of agricultural and food chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jafcau.rss
Journal of food composition and analysis
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08891575
Journal of human nutrition and dietetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117979034
Journal of muscle foods
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118505776
Journal of nutrition
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=0cB9jbU_3KkoSwJy-ih0PuM8R5knaaFNXfmKLgU2T5H
Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/jnume/rss.xml
Journal of nutritional biochemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09552863
Journal of pediatric gastroenterology and nutrition
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00005176/current.rss
Journal of texture studies
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117974260
Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics
http://www.andjrnl.org/current.rss
Journal of the American Dietetic Association
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00028223
Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition
http://www.jissn.com/rss/
Journal of the science of food and agriculture
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/1294
JPEN: Journal of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition
http://pen.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Maternal and Child Nutrition
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1740-8709
Nutraceuticals world
http://feeds.feedburner.com/NutraceuticalsWorldBreakingNews
Nutrients
http://www.mdpi.com/rss/journal/nutrients/
Nutrition
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08999007
Nutrition and Diabetes
http://feeds.nature.com/nutd/rss/current
Nutrition and dietetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118523059
Nutrition and food science
http://www.emeraldinsight.com/info/RSSFeeds/InsightFeeds/nfs_rss.xml
Nutrition and metabolism
http://www.nutritionandmetabolism.com/rss/
Nutrition bulletin
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118516588
Nutrition in Clinical Practice
http://ncp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Nutrition journal
http://www.nutritionj.com/rss/
Nutrition reviews
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/ilsi/nure/latest?format=rss
Obesity research
http://www.nature.com/oby/current_issue/rss/index.html
PharmaNutrition
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22134344
Plant Foods for Human Nutrition
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-9104/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Proceedings of the Nutrition Society
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_PNS_rss_2.0.xml
Progress in Lipid Research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01637827
Revista chilena de nutrición
http://www.scielo.cl/rss.php?pid=0717-7518&amp;lang=en
Revista de nutrição
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=1415-5273&amp;lang=en
Topics in clinical nutrition
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008486/current.rss
