Acta Oncologica
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=43pc1f&amp;ai=1lgs&amp;jc=onc&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
American journal of clinical oncology: cancer clinical trials
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00000421/current.rss
Annals of Cancer Research and Therapy
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=acrt&amp;rssLang=en
Annals of oncology
http://annonc.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Anti-cancer drugs
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001813/current.rss
Biochimica et biophysica acta. Reviews on cancer
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0304419X
BJOG
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118523178
Blood Cancer Journal
http://feeds.nature.com/bcj/rss/current
BMC cancer
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmccancer/rss/
Breast cancer research
http://breast-cancer-research.com/rss
Breast cancer research and treatment
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-7217/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Breast Cancer: Basic and Clinical Research
http://la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=84
Breast journal
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118544343
British journal of cancer
http://www.nature.com/bjc/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
CA
http://caonline.amcancersoc.org/rss/current.xml
Cancer
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/28741
Cancer and metastasis reviews
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-7233/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Cancer Biotherapy and Radiopharmaceuticals
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=595327
Cancer causes and control
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-7225/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Cancer cell
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15356108
Cancer cell international
http://www.cancerci.com/rss/
Cancer detection and prevention
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0361090X
Cancer Discovery
 http://cancerdiscovery.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Cancer Epidemiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/18777821
Cancer epidemiology biomarkers and prevention
http://cebp.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Cancer genetics and cytogenetics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01654608
Cancer informatics
http://la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=10
Cancer investigation
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lfz&amp;jc=cnv&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
cancer journal
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00130404/current.rss
Cancer Law Weekly
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_29433
Cancer letters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03043835
Cancer Management and Research
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=55
Cancer Medicine
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)2045-7634
Cancer Microenvironment
http://www.springerlink.com/content/121003/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Cancer Prevention Research
http://cancerpreventionresearch.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Cancer research
http://cancerres.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Cancer Science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118489811
Cancer Therapy
http://search.issuu.com/Cancer-Therapy/docs/recent.rss
Cancer treatment reviews
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03057372
Carcinogenesis
http://carcin.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Chemotherapy
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=CHE
Clinical Cancer Research
http://clincancerres.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Clinical Journal of Oncology Nursing
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037621
Clinical Oncology Alert
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037624
Community Oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15485315
Contemporary oncology
http://www.termedia.pl/mrss.php?id=3&amp;l=1http://www.termedia.pl/mrss.php?id=3&amp;l=1
Current cancer drug targets
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/ben/ccdt/latest?format=rss
Current Oncology
http://www.current-oncology.com/index.php/oncology/gateway/plugin/WebFeedGatewayPlugin/rss2
Current opinion in oncology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001622/current.rss
ecancermedicalscience
http://www.ecancermedicalscience.com/rss/articles.asp
EJC Supplements
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/13596349
European journal of cancer
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09598049
European journal of cancer care
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117989478
European journal of cancer prevention
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008469/current.rss
European Journal of Oncology Nursing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/14623889
Experimental hematology and oncology
http://www.ehoonline.org/latest/rss
Familial cancer
http://springerlink.metapress.com/content/105711/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Genes, chromosomes and cancer
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/38250
Gynecologic oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00908258
Head and Neck Oncology
http://www.headandneckoncology.org/rss/
Hematological oncology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/3182
Hereditary Cancer in Clinical Practice
http://hccpjournal.com/rss/
Indian journal of cancer
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_48890
Integrative cancer therapies
http://ict.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
International journal of cancer
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/29331
International journal of clinical oncology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/103370/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International journal of gynecological cancer
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00009577/current.rss
International journal of radiation oncology, biology, physics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03603016
International seminars in surgical oncology
http://www.issoonline.com/rss
Japanese journal of clinical oncology
http://jjco.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
journal of antimicrobial chemotherapy
http://jac.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Journal of Bone Oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22121374
Journal of Cancer Education
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=13187&amp;channel-name=Journal%20of%20Cancer%20Education
Journal of Cancer Epidemiology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journalx3djce
Journal of cancer research and clinical oncology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1335/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of carcinogenesis
http://www.carcinogenesis.com/rssfeed.asp
Journal of clinical oncology
http://jco.ascopubs.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of Experimental and Clinical Cancer Research
http://www.jeccr.com/rss/
Journal of Hematology &amp; Oncology
http://www.jhoonline.org/rss/
Journal of Medical Imaging and Radiation Oncology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1754-9485
Journal of Oncology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=jo
Journal of oncology pharmacy practice
http://opp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00043426/current.rss
Journal of pediatric oncology nursing
http://jpo.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of psychosocial oncology
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=5zeshq&amp;ai=1db&amp;jc=wjpo20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of surgical oncology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/31873
Journal of the National Cancer Institute
http://jncicancerspectrum.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
lancet oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6645
Leukemia
http://www.nature.com/leu/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Leukemia and lymphoma
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lft&amp;jc=lal&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Leukemia Research Reports
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22130489
Melanoma research
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008390/current.rss
Molecular cancer
http://www.molecular-cancer.com/rss/
Molecular cancer research
http://mcr.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Molecular cancer therapeutics
http://mct.aacrjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Molecular carcinogenesis
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/37603
Nature reviews. Cancer
http://www.nature.com/nrc/current_issue/rss
Neuro-oncology
http://neuro-oncology.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Nutrition and cancer
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064878
Oncogene
http://www.nature.com/onc/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Oncogenesis
http://feeds.nature.com/oncsis/rss/current
Oncología
http://scielo.isciii.es/rss.php?pid=0378-4835&amp;lang=en
Oncologist, The
http://theoncologist.alphamedpress.org/rss/current.xml
Oncology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=DOCL
Oncology nursing forum
http://www.metapress.com/content/120390/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Oncology Research
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/cog/or/latest?format=rss
Oncology Times
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00130989/current.rss
Oncology Times UK
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01434893/current.rss
OncoTargets and Therapy
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=23
Pediatric blood and cancer
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/106561790
Pediatric hematology-oncology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1p05&amp;jc=pho&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Pediatric radiology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1998/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Practical Radiation Oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/18798500
Prostate Cancer and Prostatic Diseases
http://www.nature.com/pcan/current_issue/rss/
Psycho-oncology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5807
Radiation oncology
http://www.ro-journal.com/rss/
Radiology and Oncology
http://versita.metapress.com/content/120729/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Radiotherapy and oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01678140
Sarcoma
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/srcm/rss.xml
Seminars in cancer biology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/1044579X
Seminars in Oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00937754
Seminars in oncology nursing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07492081
Seminars in radiation oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10534296
Stem Cells
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/121559876
Thoracic Cancer
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1759-7714
Ultrasound quarterly
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00013644/current.rss
Urologic oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10781439
World journal of surgical oncology
http://www.wjso.com/rss/
