Acta Ato-Laryngologica. Supplement
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2032580
Acta Oto-Laryngologica
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94w0&amp;ai=1ljn&amp;jc=oto&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
American annals of the deaf
http://feeds.muse.jhu.edu/journals/american_annals_of_the_deaf/latest_issues.xml
American journal of otolaryngology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01960709
Annals of Otology, Rhinology and Laryngology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2032824
Annals of plastic surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00000637/current.rss
Aphasiology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/paph/latest?format=rss
Archives of facial plastic surgery
http://archfaci.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
Archives of otolaryngology -- head and neck surgery
http://archotol.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
BMC ear, nose, and throat disorders
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcearnosethroatdisord/rss/
Clinical otolaryngology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118529683
Current opinion in otolaryngology and head and neck surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00020840/current.rss
Diseases of the esophagus
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118000485
Dysphagia
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-0460/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Ear and hearing
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00003446/current.rss
Ear, nose and throat journal
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064858
ENToday
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01265117/current.rss
European journal of oral sciences
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118505323
Head and face medicine
http://www.head-face-med.com/rss
Head and neck
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/38137
Head and Neck Oncology
http://www.headandneckoncology.org/rss/
Hearing research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03785955
International Journal of Audiology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lla&amp;jc=ija&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
International journal of pediatric otorhinolaryngology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01655876
International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology Extra
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/18714048
JAMA otolaryngology -- head and neck surgery
http://archotol.jamanetwork.com/rssfeeds.aspx
Journal of audiological medicine
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064949
journal of laryngology and otology
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_JLO_rss_2.0.xml
Journal of otolaryngology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064874
Journal of the Association for Research in Otolaryngology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1525-3961?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of voice
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08921997
Laryngoscope
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/121460873
ORL
http://content.karger.com/produktedb/rss.asp?j=ORL
Otolaryngology -- head and neck surgery
http://oto.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Otology and neurotology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00129492/current.rss
Revista brasileira de oto-rino-laringologia
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0034-7299&amp;lang=en
