AAPS PharmSciTech
http://www.pharmagateway.net/rss/aaps_rss.xml
Advances in Pharmacological Sciences
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=aps
American journal of pharmaceutical education
http://search.proquest.com/publication:rsslink?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_41120
Analytical and bioanalytical chemistry
http://www.springerlink.com/content/100417/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Asian Journal of Pharmaceutics 
http://www.asiapharmaceutics.info/rssfeed.asp
Bioorganic and medicinal chemistry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09680896
Bioorganic and medicinal chemistry letters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0960894X
Chembiochem
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/72510898
Chemical and pharmaceutical bulletin
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=cpb&amp;rssLang=en
Chemical biology and drug design
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118517017
Chemical research in toxicology
http://pubs.acs.org/action/showFeed?jc=crtoec&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Clinical chemistry
http://www.clinchem.org/rss/current.xml
Drug target insights
http://www.la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=23
Drugs and therapy perspectives
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40267&amp;channel-name=Drugs%20&amp;%20Therapy%20Perspectives
European journal of pharmaceutical sciences
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09280987
Indian journal of pharmaceutical sciences
http://www.ijpsonline.com/rssfeed.asp
International Journal of Pharmaceutical Investigation
http://www.jpionline.org/rssfeed.asp
International journal of pharmaceutics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03785173
Journal of Advanced Pharmaceutical Technology and Research
http://www.japtr.org/rssfeed.asp
Journal of Antibiotics
http://www.nature.com/ja/current_issue/rss/
Journal of combinatorial chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/action/showFeed?jc=jcchff&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of controlled release
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01683659
Journal of drug targeting
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9it&amp;jc=drt&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
journal of experimental biology
http://jeb.biologists.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of labelled compounds &amp; radiopharmaceuticals
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1099-1344
Journal of mass spectrometry
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/6043
Journal of medicinal chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jmcmar.rss
Journal of natural products
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jnprdf.rss
Journal of neurochemistry
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/jnc/latest?format=rss
Journal of organic chemistry
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/joceah.rss
Journal of pharmaceutical and biomedical analysis
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07317085
Journal of Pharmaceutical Health Services Research
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1759-8893
Journal of pharmaceutical sciences
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/68503813
journal of physical chemistry. A
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jpcafh.rss
journal of physical chemistry. B, Materials, surfaces, interfaces and biophysical
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jpcbfk.rss
Journal of the American Chemical Society
http://pubs.acs.org/action/showFeed?jc=jacsat&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Medicinal research reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34185
Molecular pharmacology
http://molpharm.aspetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Natural Product Reports
http://www.rsc.org/publishing/journals/rssfeed.asp?FeedType=LatestArticles&amp;JournalCode=NP
Nature
http://www.nature.com/nature/current_issue/rss
Nature Chemical Biology
http://www.nature.com/nchembio/current_issue/rss
Nature medicine
http://www.nature.com/nm/current_issue/rss
Organic letters
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/orlef7.rss
Pharmaceutical development and technology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9is&amp;jc=phd&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Pharmaceutical research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-904X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Pharmaceutical statistics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/93012805
Pharmazie
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/govi/pharmaz/latest?format=rss
Science
http://www.sciencemag.org/rss/current.xml
Tetrahedron
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00404020
Tetrahedron letters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00404039
Tetrahedron: Asymmetry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09574166
