Academic psychiatry
http://ap.psychiatryonline.org/rss/site_4/17.xml
Acta ethologica
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1437-9546/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Acta neuropsychiatrica
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118521695
Acta psychiatrica Scandinavica
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118538019
Acta psychologica
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00016918
Adaptive behavior
http://adb.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Addiction
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117967480
Addictive behaviors
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03064603
Addictive disorders and their treatment
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00132576/current.rss
Aggressive behavior
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/32356
Aging and mental health
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2633704
AIDS and behavior
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/aibe/latest?format=rss
Alzheimer disease and associated disorders
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002093/current.rss
American behavioral scientist
http://abs.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
American journal of community psychology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2770/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
American journal of family therapy
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/routledg/uaft/latest?format=rss
American journal of geriatric psychiatry
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00019442/current.rss
American journal of health behavior
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/png/ajhb/latest?format=rss
American journal of medical genetics. Part B, Neuropsychiatric genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/99018626
American journal of orthopsychiatry
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066251
American journal of psychiatry
http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/rss/current.xml
American journal of psychoanalysis
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/tajp/latest?format=rss
American journal of psychology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066254
American journal of psychotherapy
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066255
American Journal on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities
http://www.aaiddjournals.org/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=ajmr
American psychologist
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066258
AMHCA journal
http://search.proquest.com/publication:rsslink?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_47399
Annales Médico-psychologiques, revue psychiatrique
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/7225
Annals of clinical psychiatry
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/acli/latest?format=rss
Annals of general psychiatry
http://www.annals-general-psychiatry.com/rss
Annual review of clinical psychology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=18f&amp;jc=clinpsy&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Annual review of psychology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=s1&amp;jc=psych&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Aphasiology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/paph/latest?format=rss
Applied psychological measurement
http://apm.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Applied psychology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118540300
Applied psychophysiology and biofeedback
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/apbi/latest?format=rss
Archives of clinical neuropsychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08876177
Archives of general psychiatry
http://archpsyc.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
Archives of psychiatric nursing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08839417
Archives of sexual behavior
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2800/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Arts in Psychotherapy, The
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01974556
Attachment and human development
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/routledg/rahd/latest?format=rss
Australasian psychiatry
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/apy/latest?format=rss
Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lhm&amp;jc=anp&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Australian journal of psychology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1742-9536
Australian Psychologist
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1742-9544
Behavior modification
http://bmo.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Behavior research methods, instruments, and computers
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1554-351x/preprint/?export=rss
Behavior Therapy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00057894
Behavioral and brain functions
http://www.behavioralandbrainfunctions.com/rss
Behavioral neuroscience
http://ovidsp.tx.ovid.com/sp-3.6.0b/ovidweb.cgi?&amp;S=FGHEFPBDFEDDOJMHNCPKJGIBFNLIAA00&amp;Current+URL=http%3a%2f%2fovidsp.ovid.com%2frss%2fjournals%2f00001975%2fcurrent.rss&amp;PAP+URL=http
Behaviour Research and Therapy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00057967
Behavioural pharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008877/current.rss
Biological psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00063223
Biological Psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/4983
Bipolar disorders
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118516344
BMC psychiatry
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpsychiatry/rss/
Brain, Behavior, and Immunity
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08891591
British journal of clinical psychology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/bjcp/latest?format=rss
British journal of health psychology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)2044-8287
British Journal of Learning Disabilities
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1468-3156
British journal of mathematical and statistical psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/bjmsp/latest?format=rss
British journal of medical psychology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/bjmp/latest?format=rss
British journal of psychiatry
http://bjp.rcpsych.org/rss/current.xml
British journal of psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/bjp/latest?format=rss
British journal of psychotherapy
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117987371
British journal of social psychology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/bjsp/latest?format=rss
Bulletin of the Menninger Clinic
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/bumc
Canadian journal of experimental psychology
http://ovidsp.tx.ovid.com/sp-3.6.0b/ovidweb.cgi?&amp;S=DKMPFPNFDGDDJHCFNCPKHFDCNGGGAA00&amp;Current+URL=http%3a%2f%2fovidsp.ovid.com%2frss%2fjournals%2f00008558%2fcurrent.rss&amp;PAP+URL=http
Canadian journal of human sexuality
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_33400
Canadian journal of psychiatry
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064848
Canadian psychology
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_41992
Cerebrum
http://www.dana.org/rssfeeds/cerebrum.aspx
Ceskoslovenska Psychologie
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=597500
Chemist and druggist
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_37636
Child and adolescent mental health
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118545981
Child psychiatry and human development
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-3327/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Childhood
http://chd.sagepub.com/rss/recent.xml
Clinical practice and epidemiology in mental health
http://www.cpementalhealth.com/rss
Clinical Psychologist
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1742-9552
Clinical psychology and psychotherapy
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5885
Clinical psychology review
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02727358
Clinical Psychology: Science and Practice
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117990269
Cognition and emotion
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/pcem/latest?format=rss
Cognitive Affective and Behavioral Neuroscience
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1530-7026/preprint/?export=rss
Cognitive and behavioral neurology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00146965/current.rss
Cognitive psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00100285
Cognitive therapy and research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2819/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Cognitive, Affective, and Behavioral Neuroscience
http://cabn.psychonomic-journals.org/rss_feeds/current.xml
Community mental health journal
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2789/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Comprehensive psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0010440X
Consciousness and Cognition
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10538100
Consulting Psychology Journal
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037694
Counseling psychologist
http://tcp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Counselling and psychotherapy research
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1633115
Counselling psychology quarterly
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_32882
Culture and psychology
http://cap.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Culture, medicine and psychiatry
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-076X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Current directions in psychological science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118000080
Current opinion in psychiatry
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00063198/current.rss
Current psychological research and reviews
http://www.metapress.com/content/103878/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Current Psychology Letters: Behavior Brain and Cognition
http://cpl.revues.org/backend.html?format=rss092documents
Depression and anxiety
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/38924
Depression Research and Treatment
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/drt/rss.xml
Development and Psychopathology
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_DPP_rss_2.0.xml
Developmental psychobiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/29287
Developmental psychology
http://ovidsp.tx.ovid.com/sp-3.7.0a/ovidweb.cgi?&amp;S=JFNHFPOCNEDDNGPNNCPKPFOBIIPPAA00&amp;Current+URL=http%3a%2f%2fovidsp.ovid.com%2frss%2fjournals%2f00063061%2fcurrent.rss&amp;PAP+URL=http
Developmental science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118545404
Dyslexia
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1099-0909
Early Intervention In Psychiatry
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1751-7893
Educational psychology review
http://www.springerlink.com/content/104855/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Emotion
http://content.apa.org/journals/emo.rss
Enseñanza e investigación en psicología
http://redalyc.uaemex.mx/principal/RSSRedalyc.html
Ergonomics
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/tandf/terg/latest?format=rss
European archives of psychiatry and clinical neuroscience
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1433-8491/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
European child and adolescent psychiatry
http://www.springerlink.com/content/101490/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
European Journal of Psychological Assessment
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037773
European Journal of Psychotraumatology
http://www.eurojnlofpsychotraumatol.net/index.php/ejpt/gateway/plugin/WebFeedGatewayPlugin/rss2
European psychologist
http://content.apa.org/journals/epp.rss
European review of applied psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/11629088
Evidence-based mental health
http://ebmh.bmj.com/rss/current.xml
Evolutionary Psychology: An International Journal of Evolutionary Approaches to Psy
http://feeds.feedburner.com/EvolutionaryPsychology
Experimental and clinical psychopharmacology
http://content.apa.org/journals/pha.rss
Experimental psychology
http://psycontent.metapress.com/content/1618-3169/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Family process
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=314375
General hospital psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01638343
Group dynamics
http://content.apa.org/journals/gdn.rss
Harm reduction journal
http://www.harmreductionjournal.com/rss/
Harvard review of psychiatry
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064932
Healthcare Counselling and Psychotherapy Journal
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2038525
Human psychopharmacology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/4216
Indian journal of psychiatry
http://www.indianjpsychiatry.org/rssfeed.asp
Indian Journal of Psychological Medicine
http://www.ijpm.info/rssfeed.asp
Industrial psychology
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_646364
Infant mental health journal
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/33748
Integrative Psychological and Behavioral Science
http://www.metapress.com/content/120815/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International clinical psychopharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004850/current.rss
International journal of applied psychoanalytic studies
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/112094308
International journal of behavioral development
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/pibd/latest?format=rss
international journal of eating disorders
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34698
International journal of geriatric psychiatry
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/4294
International journal of group psychotherapy
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/ijgp
International journal of law and psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01602527
International Journal of Mental Health and Addiction
http://www.springerlink.com/content/119974/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International journal of mental health systems
http://www.ijmhs.com/rss/
International journal of methods in psychiatric research
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/112094311
International journal of psychiatry in medicine
http://www.metapress.com/content/300314/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International Journal of Psychoanalysis
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118902549
International journal of social psychiatry
http://isp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Issues in mental health nursing
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1ozt&amp;jc=mhn&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
JAMA psychiatry
http://archpsyc.jamanetwork.com/rss/site_14/70.xml
Japanese psychological research
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118518635
Jornal Brasileiro de Psiquiatria
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0047-2085&amp;lang=en
Journal for the psychoanalysis of culture and society
http://feeds.muse.jhu.edu/journals/journal_for_the_psychoanalysis_of_culture_and_society/latest_issues.xml
Journal of abnormal child psychology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2835/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Addiction Medicine
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01271255/current.rss
Journal of Addictive Diseases
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=5zeshq&amp;ai=1co&amp;jc=wjad20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of affective disorders
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01650327
journal of analytical psychology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117996795
Journal of anxiety disorders
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08876185
Journal of applied behavioral science
http://jab.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of applied developmental psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01933973
Journal of applied social psychology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118531277
Journal of applied sport psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/routledg/uasp/latest?format=rss
Journal of autism and developmental disorders
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-3432/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of behavior therapy and experimental psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00057916
Journal of behavioral medicine
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-3521/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Black Psychology, The
http://jbp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of child and adolescent psychiatric nursing
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118514313
Journal of child and adolescent psychopharmacology
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=cjwv&amp;ai=su&amp;jc=CAP&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of child psychology and psychiatry and allied disciplines
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpl/jcpp/latest?format=rss
Journal of Clinical and Experimental Neuropsychology
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=5zeshq&amp;ai=2hs&amp;jc=ncen20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of clinical child and adolescent psychology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064867
Journal of clinical child psychology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064868
Journal of clinical psychology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/31171
Journal of Clinical Psychology in Medical Settings
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1068-9583?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of clinical psychopharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004714/current.rss
Journal of community psychology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/32213
Journal of cross-cultural psychology
http://jcc.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of developmental and behavioral pediatrics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004703/current.rss
Journal of developmental and physical disabilities
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-136X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
journal of ECT
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00124509/current.rss
Journal of emotional and behavioral disorders
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064959
Journal of environmental psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02724944
Journal of Ethnicity in Substance Abuse
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=5zeshq&amp;ai=1bw&amp;jc=wesa20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of experimental psychology. Animal behavior processes
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1986393
Journal of experimental psychology. human perception and performance
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1986395
Journal of experimental social psychology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00221031
Journal of Health and Social Behavior
http://hsb.sagepub.com/rss
Journal of nervous and mental disease
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00005053/current.rss
Journal of neurology, neurosurgery and psychiatry
http://jnnp.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of neuropsychiatry and clinical neurosciences
http://neuro.psychiatryonline.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of Neuropsychology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1748-6653
Journal of pediatric psychology
http://jpepsy.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of personality
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118502358
Journal of personality disorders
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/pedi
Journal of phenomenological psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/brill/jpp/latest?format=rss
Journal of psychiatric practice
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00131746/current.rss
Journal of psychiatric research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00223956
Journal of psychiatry and neuroscience
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064875
Journal of Psychology
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=601016
Journal of psychopathology and behavioral assessment
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-3505/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of psychopharmacology
http://jop.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Psychosocial Nursing and Mental Health Services
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2039646
Journal of psychosomatic research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00223999
Journal of rational-emotive and cognitive-behavior therapy
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-6563/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Reproductive and Infant Psychology
http://www.tandfonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=5zeshq&amp;ai=u8&amp;jc=cjri20&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of social and clinical psychology
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/jscp
Journal of social and personal relationships
http://spr.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004583/current.rss
journal of the American Academy of Psychoanalysis and Dynamic Psychiatry
http://guilfordjournals.com/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=jaap
Journal of the history of the behavioral sciences
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/31970
Journal of traumatic stress
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/109882595
Law and human behavior
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-661X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Learning and behavior
http://lb.psychonomic-journals.org/rss_feeds/current.xml
Memory and cognition
http://mc.psychonomic-journals.org/rss_feeds/current.xml
Mental health weekly
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1556-7583
Molecular psychiatry
http://www.nature.com/mp/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Motivation and emotion
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-6644/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=3
Neuropsychobiology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=NPS
Neuropsychologia
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00283932
Neuropsychopharmacology
http://www.nature.com/npp/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Perceptual and motor skills
http://www.amsciepub.com/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=pms
Personality and Mental Health
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1932-863X
Personality and social psychology bulletin
http://psp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Perspectives in psychiatric care
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117961881
Perspectives on Psychological Science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118509128
Pharmacopsychiatry
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/pharmaco.xml
Philosophy, psychiatry and psychology
http://feeds.muse.jhu.edu/journals/philosophy_psychiatry_and_psychology/latest_issues.xml
Primary Psychiatry
http://www.primarypsychiatry.com/userdocs/CurrentIssueRSS.xml
Progress in neuro-psychopharmacology and biological psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02785846
Psicologia Reflexao e Critica
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0102-7972&amp;lang=en
Psicologia--USP
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0103-6564&amp;lang=en
Psychiatric Bulletin
http://pb.rcpsych.org/rss/current.xml
Psychiatric genetics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00041444/current.rss
Psychiatric news
http://pn.psychiatryonline.org/rss/current.xml
Psychiatric quarterly
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-6709/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Psychiatric rehabilitation journal
http://www.metapress.com/content/119989/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Psychiatric services
http://ps.psychiatryonline.org/rss/current.xml
Psychiatrist, The
http://pb.rcpsych.org/rss/current.xml
Psychiatry
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00332747
Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118505988
Psychiatry research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01651781
Psychiatry research neuroimaging section
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09254927
Psycho-oncology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5807
psychoanalytic review
http://guilfordjournals.com/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=prev
Psychodynamic Psychiatry
http://guilfordjournals.com/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=pdps
Psychogeriatrics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117969726
Psychological medicine
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_PSM_rss_2.0.xml
Psychological research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1430-2772/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Psychological science
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118505413
Psychology and psychotherapy
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpsoc/paptrap/latest?format=rss
Psychology in the schools
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/32084
Psychology of music
http://pom.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Psychology of women quarterly
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117988121
Psychology Research and Behavior Management
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=53
Psychopathology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=PSP
Psychopharmacology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-2072/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Psychosomatics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00333182
Psychotherapy and psychosomatics
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=PPS
Quarterly journal of experimental psychology. A, Human experimental psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/pqja/latest?format=rss
Quarterly journal of experimental psychology. B, Comparative and physiological psyc
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/psych/pqjb/latest?format=rss
Reading psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/routledg/urpy/latest?format=rss
Revista brasileira de psiquiatria
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=1516-4446&amp;lang=en
Revista de Psiquiatria Clínica
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0101-6083&amp;lang=en
Revista de psiquiatria do Rio Grande do Sul
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0101-8108&amp;lang=en
Scandinavian journal of psychology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpl/sjop/latest?format=rss
Schizophrenia bulletin
http://schizophreniabulletin.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Schizophrenia research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09209964
School psychology international
http://spi.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Sexual abuse
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/sebu/latest?format=rss
Sexual addiction and compulsivity
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=3394403
Sexual and relationship therapy
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/routledg/csmt/latest?format=rss
Sexuality and disability
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/klu/sedi/latest?format=rss
Social psychology quarterly
http://spq.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Sociology of health and illness
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118532195
Stress and health
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/jws/smi/latest?format=rss
Substance abuse treatment, prevention, and policy
http://www.substanceabusepolicy.com/rss/
Suicide and life-threatening behavior
http://www.extenza-eps.com/rss/etoc/suli
Theory and psychology
http://tap.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Topics in language disorders
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00011363/current.rss
Translational psychiatry
http://www.nature.com/tp/current_issue/rss/
