AANS Bulletin
http://www.aans.org/bulletin/aansneurosurgeon_issue.rss
Acta cirúrgica brasileira
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0102-8650&amp;lang=en
American journal of surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00029610
American journal of surgical pathology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00000478/current.rss
American journal of transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118499698
American surgeon
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/sesc/tas/latest?format=rss
Annales de chirurgie plastique et esthétique
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6658
Annals of Maxillofacial Surgery
http://www.amsjournal.com/rssfeed.asp
Annals of plastic surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00000637/current.rss
Annals of surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00000658/current.rss
Annals of the Royal College of Surgeons of England
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/rcse/arcs/latest?format=rss
Annals of thoracic surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00034975
Annals of transplantation
http://www.annalsoftransplantation.com/rss/
ANZ journal of surgery
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117992235
Archives of facial plastic surgery
http://archfaci.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
Archives of otolaryngology -- head and neck surgery
http://archotol.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
Archives of surgery
http://archsurg.ama-assn.org/rss/current.xml
Arthroscopy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07498063
Arthroscopy Techniques
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22126287
ASAIO journal
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002480/current.rss
Asian Journal of Endoscopic Surgery
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1758-5910
Asian Journal of Neurosurgery
http://www.asianjns.org/rssfeed.asp
Asian journal of surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00033775
Australian and New Zealand journal of surgery
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1445-2197
BMC surgery
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcsurg/rss
Bone marrow transplantation
http://www.nature.com/bmt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Breast journal
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118544343
British journal of surgery
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/99019821
British journal of urology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1464-410X
Canadian journal of surgery
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064849
Clinical transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117988740
Clinics in Colon and Rectal Surgery
https://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/ccrs.xml
Contemporary surgery
http://www.contemporarysurgery.com/rssAll.asp
Current opinion in organ transplantation
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001433/current.rss
Current opinion in otolaryngology and head and neck surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00020840/current.rss
Dermatologic surgery
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118489334
EJVES Extra
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15333167
Endoscopy
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/endoscopy.xml
European journal of cardio-thoracic surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10107940
European Journal of Trauma and Emergency Surgery 
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037777
European Surgery
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2037781
European surgical research
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=ESR
Indian Journal of Otolaryngology and Head and Neck Surgery
http://www.springerlink.com/content/2231-3796/?export=rss
Indian journal of plastic surgery
http://www.ijps.org/rssfeed.asp
Indian journal of surgery
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_28297
Interactive cardiovascular and thoracic surgery
http://intl-icvts.ctsnetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
International Journal of Shoulder Surgery
http://www.internationalshoulderjournal.org/rssfeed.asp
International journal of surgical pathology
http://ijs.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
International seminars in surgical oncology
http://www.issoonline.com/rss
JAMA facial plastic surgery
http://archfaci.jamanetwork.com/rssfeeds.aspx
JAMA otolaryngology -- head and neck surgery
http://archotol.jamanetwork.com/rssfeeds.aspx
JAMA Surgery
http://archsurg.jamanetwork.com/rss/site_20/76.xml
Jornal Vascular Brasileiro
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=1677-5449&amp;lang=en
Journal of arthroplasty
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08835403
Journal of bone and joint surgery [0021-9355]
http://www.ejbjs.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of bone and joint surgery [0301-620X]
http://www.jbjs.org.uk/rss/current.xml
Journal of cardiac surgery
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117965623
Journal of cardiothoracic surgery
http://www.cardiothoracicsurgery.org/rss/
Journal of craniofacial surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001665/current.rss
Journal of cutaneous and aestheic surgery
http://www.jcasonline.com/rssfeed.asp
Journal of Cutaneous and Aesthetic Surgery
http://www.jcasonline.com/rssfeed.asp
Journal of hand surgery [0363-5023]
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03635023
Journal of heart and lung transplantation
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10532498
Journal of investigative surgery
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064871
Journal of laparoendoscopic and advanced surgical techniques
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064872
Journal of Minimal Access Surgery
http://www.journalofmas.com/rssfeed.asp
Journal of NeuroInterventional Surgery
http://jnis.bmj.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Neurological Surgery Part B: Skull Base
https://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/10.1055-s-00000181.xml
Journal of neurology, neurosurgery and psychiatry
http://jnnp.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Neurosurgery
http://thejns.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=0&amp;ai=ru&amp;jc=jns&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of Neurosurgery: Pediatrics
http://thejns.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3bfual&amp;ai=3f6&amp;jc=ped.1&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of Neurosurgery: Spine
http://thejns.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=0&amp;ai=rt&amp;jc=spi&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of neurosurgical anesthesiology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008506/current.rss
Journal of oral and maxillofacial surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02782391
Journal of orthopaedic surgery
http://www.josr-online.com/rss
Journal of pediatric surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00223468
Journal of pelvic medicine and surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00146866/current.rss
Journal of pelvic surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00132581/current.rss
Journal of Plastic Surgery and Hand Surgery
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=7v2i&amp;jc=phs&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of plastic, reconstructive &amp; aesthetic surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/29700
Journal of reconstructive microsurgery
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/jrm.xml
Journal of shoulder and elbow surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6921
Journal of Surgical Case Reports
http://jscr.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of surgical oncology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/31873
Journal of Surgical Radiology
http://www.surgisphere.com/SurgRad/component/foobla_rss/1-journal-of-surgical-radiology.html
Journal of surgical research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00224804
Journal of Surgical Technique and Case Report
http://www.jstcr.org/rssfeed.asp
Journal of the American College of Surgeons
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10727515
Journal of thoracic and cardiovascular surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00225223
Journal of vascular surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07415214
Lasers in surgery and medicine
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34073
Liver transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/106570021
Microsurgery
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/35757
Neurosurgery online
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00006123/current.rss
Neurosurgery quarterly
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00013414/current.rss
Neurosurgical Focus
http://thejns.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=0&amp;ai=rw&amp;jc=foc&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Open Access Surgery
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=40
Ophthalmic plastic and reconstructive surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002341/current.rss
Oral Surgery
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1752-248X
Orthopaedic Surgery
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1757-7861
Patient Safety in Surgery
http://www.pssjournal.com/rss/
Pediatric neurosurgery
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=PNE
Pediatric transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118490795
Perioperative Medicine
http://www.perioperativemedicinejournal.com/latest/rss
Plastic and reconstructive surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00006534/current.rss
Revista Cubana de Cirugía
http://scielo.sld.cu/rss.php?pid=0034-7493&amp;lang=es
Seminars in plastic surgery
https://www.thieme-connect.de/rss/thieme/en/sps.xml
Shock
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00024382/current.rss
Strategies in Trauma and Limb Reconstruction
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1828-8936?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00396060
Surgery (Oxford)
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02639319
Surgical laparoscopy and endoscopy
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00013583/current.rss
Surgical laparoscopy, endoscopy and percutaneous techniques [1051-7200]
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00019509/current.rss
Surgical neurology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00903019
Surgical Practice
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118500710
Techniques in foot and ankle surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00132587/current.rss
Techniques in hand and upper extremity surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00130911/current.rss
Techniques in knee surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00132588/current.rss
Techniques in shoulder and elbow surgery
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00132589/current.rss
Thoracic and cardiovascular surgeon
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/thoracic.xml
Transactions of the ... Meeting of the American Surgical Association
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00153307/current.rss
Transactions of the Meeting of the American Surgical Association
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00153307/current.rss
Transplant infectious disease
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117991831
Transplant international
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117999360
Transplantation
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00007890/current.rss
Vascular and endovascular surgery
http://ves.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
World journal of surgical oncology
http://www.wjso.com/rss/
World Neurosurgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/18788750
Xenotransplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118541358
