Advances in Urology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=au
American Journal of Kidney Diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02726386
American journal of nephrology
http://content.karger.com/produktedb/rss.asp?j=AJN
American journal of physiology. Renal, fluid and electrolyte physiology
http://ajprenal.physiology.org/rss/current.xml
Andrologia
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118533149
Annales d'Urologie
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/7222
Archivos españoles de urología
http://scielo.isciii.es/rss.php?pid=0004-0614&amp;lang=en
BJU international
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118507854
Blood purification
http://content.karger.com/produktedb/rss.asp?j=BPU
BMC nephrology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcneurol/rss
BMC urology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcurol/rss
British journal of urology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1464-410X
Case Reports in Nephrology and Urology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.aspx?j=CRU
Current opinion in nephrology and hypertension
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00041552/current.rss
Current opinion in urology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00042307/current.rss
Dialysis and transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/112570926
Indian Journal of Urology
http://www.indianjurol.com/rssfeed.asp
International braz j urol
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=1677-5538&amp;lang=en
International journal of andrology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117986673
International Journal of Nephrology and Renovascular Disease
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=37
International Journal of Urological Nursing 
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1749-771X
International journal of urology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118488017
Journal of Renal Care
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1755-6686
Journal of the American Society of Nephrology
http://jasn.asnjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of urology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00005392/current.rss
Kidney international
http://www.nature.com/ki/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
NDT Plus
http://ndtplus.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Nephrology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118522537
Nephrology, dialysis, transplantation
http://ndt.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Nephron. Clinical practice
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=CTO
Nephron. Experimental nephrology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=NEE
Nephron. Physiology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=NEP
Neurourology and urodynamics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/35693
Pediatric nephrology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064880
Prostate
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34304
Saudi journal of kidney diseases and transplantation
http://www.sjkdt.org/rssfeed.asp
Scandinavian Journal of Urology and Nephrology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1li2&amp;jc=uro&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Seminars in dialysis
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/sdi/latest?format=rss
Seminars in Nephrology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02709295
Urologia internationalis
http://content.karger.com/produktedb/rss.asp?j=UIN
Urologic oncology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10781439
Urology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00904295
Urology Annals
http://www.urologyannals.com/rssfeed.asp
