AIDS
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002030/current.rss
Allergology international
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=05vRiaq3JGvVzy2kHWxv08cpefLuv4Ax_MkYx0UTm-i
Allergy
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118519659
Allergy, Asthma, and Clinical Immunology
http://www.aacijournal.com/rss/
American Journal of Immunology
http://www.scipub.org/scipub/xml/aji.xml
American journal of reproductive immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118522359
Annals of allergy, asthma, and immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10811206
Annual review of immunology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=sl&amp;jc=immunol&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Applied immunohistochemistry and molecular morphology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00129039/current.rss
BioDrugs
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40259&amp;channel-name=BioDrugs
BMC immunology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcimmunol/rss
Brain, Behavior, and Immunity
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08891591
Cellular and molecular immunology
http://www.nature.com/cmi/current_issue/rss
Cellular Immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00088749
Clinical allergy
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064852
Clinical and Developmental Immunology
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=cdi
Clinical and experimental allergy
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117999818
Clinical and experimental allergy reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118498872
Clinical and experimental immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117996139
Clinical and Experimental Neuroimmunology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1759-1961
Clinical and molecular allergy
http://www.clinicalmolecularallergy.com/rss
Clinical and Vaccine Immunology
http://cvi.asm.org/rss
Clinical infectious diseases
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu./cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=CID&amp;type=latestissue
Clinical reviews in allergy and immunology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/hum/criai/latest?format=rss
Clinical transplantation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117988740
Comparative immunology, microbiology and infectious diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01479571
Current opinion in allergy and clinical immunology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00130832/current.rss
Current opinion in immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09527915
Developmental &amp; Comparative Immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0145305X
Emerging Infectious Diseases
http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/eid/rss/upcoming.xml
European journal of immunogenetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/25061
European journal of immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/25061
FEMS immunology and medical microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117959054
Frontiers in immunology
http://feedity.com/frontiersin-org/UFZXVVZa.rss
Human immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01988859
Immunity
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10747613
Immunity and ageing
http://www.immunityageing.com/rss
Immunologic research
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/hum/ir/latest?format=rss
Immunological reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118503650
Immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118493028
Immunology and cell biology
http://www.nature.com/icb/current_issue/rss/
Immunology letters
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01652478
Immunome research
http://www.immunome-research.com/rss/
Immunotherapy Weekly
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=600306
Indoor Air
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1600-0668
Infection
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1439-0973/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
International archives of allergy and immunology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=IAA
International Forum of Allergy and Rhinology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)2042-6984
International immunology
http://intimm.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
International Journal of Immunogenetics
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1744-313X
journal of allergy and clinical immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00916749
Journal of autoimmunity
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08968411
Journal of clinical immunology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2592/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of immune based therapies and vaccines
http://www.jibtherapies.com/rss/
Journal of immunological methods
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00221759
Journal of Immunology
http://www.jimmunol.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of immunotherapy
http://ovidsp.ovid.com/rss/journals/00002371/current.rss
Journal of interferon and cytokine research
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=po50&amp;ai=sk&amp;jc=jir&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of neuroimmunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01655728
Journal of reproductive immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01650378
JoVE: Immunology and Infection
http://www.jove.com/rss
Microbiology and Immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118902525
Nature immunology
http://www.nature.com/ni/current_issue/rss
Nature reviews. Immunology
http://www.nature.com/nri/current_issue/rss
Parasite immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118519972
Pediatric allergy and immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118512964
Photodermatology, photoimmunology and photomedicine
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117988866
Scandinavian journal of immunology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/sji/latest?format=rss
Seminars in Immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10445323
Tissue antigens
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118492326
Trends in immunology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/14714906
World Allergy Organization Journal
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01312070/current.rss
