Acupuncture in medicine
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2296197
Alternative and Complementary Therapies 
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2032699
Alternative medicine review
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2281876
Alternative Therapies in Health and Medicine
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=591275
American ethnologist
http://www.anthrosource.net/action/showFeed?ai=rw&amp;jc=ae&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
American journal of Chinese medicine
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066246
BMC complementary and alternative medicine
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmccomplementalternmed/rss/
British Journal of Midwifery
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2036485
Chinese herbal medicines
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/16746384
Chiropractic and osteopathy
http://www.chiroandosteo.com/rss
Complementary Therapies in Clinical Practice
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/17443881
Complementary Therapies in Medicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6746
Evidence-based complementary and alternative medicine
http://ecam.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Explore: The Journal of Science and Healing
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/23253
Fitoterapia
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0367326X
Focus on Alternative and Complementary Therapies
http://www.medicinescomplete.com/journals/fact/current/xml/fact.rss
Homeopathy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/7170
Integrative cancer therapies
http://ict.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
journal of alternative and complementary medicine
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064865
Journal of bodywork and movement therapies
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6849
Journal of Complementary and Integrative Medicine
http://www.bepress.com.ezproxy.library.wisc.edu/jcim/recent.rss
Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine
http://www.ethnobiomed.com/rss
Journal of Ethnopharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/5084
Journal of manipulative and physiological therapeutics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01614754
Journal of Midwifery and Women's Health
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1542-2011
Journal of natural products
http://pubs.acs.org/wls/alerts/rss/jnprdf.rss
Journal of the American Osteopathic Association
http://www.jaoa.org/rss/current.xml
Midwifery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6957
Nutrition journal
http://www.nutritionj.com/rss/
Phytomedicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09447113
Phytotherapy research
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/12567
Planta medica
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/plantamedica.xml
