American zoologist
http://www.jstor.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=k1dqfx9&amp;ai=1xe&amp;jc=intecompbiol&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Annals of applied biology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/aab/annals/latest?format=rss
Annals of Human Biology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2032772
Annual review of entomology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=si&amp;jc=ento&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Annual review of plant biology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=sr&amp;jc=arplant&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Australian Journal of Experimental Biology and Medical Science
http://www.nature.com/icb/about/web_feeds.html
Australian journal of zoology
http://www.publish.csiro.au/RSS_Feed/CSIRO_Publishing_Recent_ZO.xml
BioEssays
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34201
Biological and pharmaceutical bulletin
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=bpb&amp;rssLang=en
Biological Bulletin
http://www.biolbull.org/rss/current.xml
Biological Control
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6716
Biological Research
http://www.scielo.cl/rss.php?pid=0716-9760&amp;lang=en
Biological reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117981221
Biology of Sex Differences
http://www.bsd-journal.com/rss
Biology of the cell
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1768-322X
BioScience
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/28380
BMC biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcbiol/rss/
BMC evolutionary biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcevolbiol/rss/
BMC plant biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcplantbiol/rss/
BMC structural biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcstructbiol/rss
Canadian journal of botany
http://pubs.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/rp/cjb_e.rss
Cold Spring Harbor Perspectives in Biology
http://cshperspectives.cshlp.org/rss/current.xml
Current opinion in chemical biology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/13675931
Development, growth and differentiation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118482198
Developmental dynamics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/38417
Evolution and development
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118546131
Experimental biology and medicine
http://ebm.rsmjournals.com/rss_feeds/current.xml
FASEB Journal
http://www.fasebj.org/rss/current.xml
Free radical biology and medicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/08915849
Frontiers in zoology
http://www.frontiersinzoology.com/rss/
Grana
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/tandf/sgra/latest?format=rss
Human biology
http://feeds.muse.jhu.edu/journals/human_biology/latest_issues.xml
Integrative and comparative biology
http://icb.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
International journal of biological sciences
http://www.biolsci.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of biological physics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-0689/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of biological rhythms
http://jbr.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Clinical Laboratory Analysis
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1098-2825
Journal of Computational Biology
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3bpw3w&amp;ai=rz&amp;jc=cmb&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine
http://www.ethnobiomed.com/rss
Journal of evolutionary biology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118543768
Journal of experimental botany
http://jxb.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Journal of experimental zoology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/114026676
Journal of Leukocyte Biology
http://www.jleukbio.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of mathematical biology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1416/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of membrane biology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1424/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of zoological systematics and evolutionary research
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118496893
Nature Chemical Biology
http://www.nature.com/nchembio/current_issue/rss
Netherlands journal of zoology
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/brill/njz/latest?format=rss
New phytologist
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118538954
Perspectives in biology and medicine
http://feeds.muse.jhu.edu/journals/perspectives_in_biology_and_medicine/latest_issues.xml
Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Biological sci
http://www.journals.royalsoc.ac.uk/content/102022/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Photochemical and photobiological sciences
http://www.rsc.org/publishing/journals/rssfeed.asp?FeedType=LatestArticles&amp;JournalCode=PP
Physics in medicine and biology
http://ej.iop.org/rss/0031-9155/latestpapers.rdf
Plant and cell physiology
http://pcp.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
plant journal
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118488398
Plant physiology
http://www.plantphysiol.org/rss/current.xml
Planta
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-2048/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
PLoS biology
http://biology.plosjournals.org/perlserv/?request=get-toc-rss&amp;issn=1545-7885
PLoS Computational Biology
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ploscompbiol/NewArticles
Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences
http://www.journals.royalsoc.ac.uk/content/102024/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Quarterly Review of Biology
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=QRB&amp;type=latestissue
Seminars in Cell and Developmental Biology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10849521
Systematic Biology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/tandf/usyb/latest?format=rss
Systems and Synthetic Biology 
http://www.springerlink.com/content/120380/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Theoretical biology and medical modelling
http://www.tbiomed.com/rss/
Theory in biosciences
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/urban/591/latest?format=rss
Trends in Cell Biology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09628924
Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Developmental Biology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1759-7692
Wiley interdisciplinary reviews: Systems biology and medicine
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1939-005X
Zygote
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_ZYG_rss_2.0.xml
