American journal of physiology. endocrinology and metabolism
http://ajpendo.physiology.org/rss/current.xml
Arquivos brasileiros de endocrinologia e metabologia
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0004-2730&amp;lang=en
Baillière's best practice and research in clinical endocrinology and metabolism
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/1521690X
Best Practice and Research Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism 
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6708
BMC biochemistry
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcbiochem/rss/
BMC endocrine disorders
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcendocrdisord/rss/
Cardiorenal Medicine
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.aspx?j=CRM
Cardiovascular endocrinology
http://ovidsp.ovid.com/rss/journals/01626549/current.rss
Cleveland Clinic Journal of Medicine
http://www.ccjm.org/rss/current.xml
Clinical endocrinology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117998163
Clinical Medicine: Endocrinology and Diabetes
http://www.la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=65
Clinical Obesity
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1758-8111
Clinical pediatric endocrinology
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=cpe&amp;rssLang=en
Current opinion in clinical nutrition and metabolic care
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00075197/current.rss
Current opinion in endocrinology and diabetes
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00060793/current.rss
Current Opinion in Endocrinology, Diabetes and Obesity
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01266029/current.rss
Current opinion in lipidology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00041433/current.rss
Diabetes
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064912
Diabetes / metabolism research and reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/10009394
Diabetes care
http://care.diabetesjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome and Obesity: Targets and Therapy
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=32
Diabetes, obesity and metabolism
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118491351
Endocrine Connections
http://www.endocrineconnections.com/rss/current.xml
Endocrine journal
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=endocrj&amp;rssLang=en
Endocrine Reviews
http://edrv.endojournals.org/rss/current.xml
Endocrinologist
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00019616/current.rss
Endocrinology
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=0hQ6GEV1Qskk2MF2NRszzFQvQtqQCcFvHWpY5TEQuPu
European journal of endocrinology
http://www.eje-online.org/rss
Experimental and Clinical Endocrinology and Diabetes
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/eced.xml
Frontiers in neuroendocrinology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00913022
General and comparative endocrinology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00166480
Gynecological endocrinology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=1lij&amp;jc=gye&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Hormone and Metabolic Research
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/hmr.xml
Hormone research
http://content.karger.com/services/alert.asp#03
Hormone Research in Paediatrics
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=HRP
International journal of obesity
http://www.nature.com/ijo/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Journal of bioenergetics and biomembranes
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-6881/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of bone and mineral research
http://www.jbmronline.org/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=0&amp;ai=rt&amp;jc=jbmr&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of clinical endocrinology and metabolism
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=0o_oZb3Fdfkxc6mEjhjqhDcJionQXTPhsPlUlJc4Hy4
Journal of endocrinology
http://joe.endocrinology-journals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of inherited metabolic disease
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-2665/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of molecular endocrinology
http://jme.endocrinology-journals.org/rss
Journal of neuroendocrinology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117999674
Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/jnume/rss.xml
Journal of Thyroid Research
http://www.sage-hindawi.com/journals/jtr/rss.xml
Lipids in health and disease
http://www.lipidworld.com/rss/
Metabolism, clinical and experimental
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00260495
Metabolomics
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=11306&amp;channel-name=Metabolomics
Molecular and cellular endocrinology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03037207
Molecular Endocrinology
http://mend.endojournals.org/rss/current.xml
Molecular Metabolism
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22128778
Neuroendocrinology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.aspx?j=NEN
Nutrition and metabolism
http://www.nutritionandmetabolism.com/rss/
Obesity Research and Clinical Practice 
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/33045
Obesity reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117981306
Pediatric Obesity
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)2047-6310
Psychoneuroendocrinology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03064530
Reproductive biology and endocrinology
http://www.rbej.com/rss/
Revista cubana de endocrinología
http://scielo.sld.cu/rss.php?pid=1561-2953&amp;lang=es
Therapeutic advances in endocrinology and metabolism
http://tae.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Thyroid Research
http://www.thyroidresearchjournal.com/rss
Trends in endocrinology and metabolism
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10432760
