American journal of human genetics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00043612
American journal of medical genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/99018626
American journal of medical genetics. Part A
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/33129
American journal of medical genetics. Part B, Neuropsychiatric genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/99018626
American journal of medical genetics. Part C, Seminars in medical genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/99018624
American journal of physical anthropology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/28130
Animal genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118504242
Annals of human genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117956622
Annual review of genetics
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=sj&amp;jc=genet&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Annual review of genomics and human genetics
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=sk&amp;jc=genom&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Application of Clinical Genetics, The
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=36
Applied and Translational Genomics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22120661
Archives of disease in childhood
http://adc.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Archives of disease in childhood. Fetal and neonatal edition
http://fn.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Balkan Journal of Medical Genetics
http://versita.metapress.com/content/120841/?sortorderx3dascx26exportx3drss
Behavior genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-3297/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
BioDrugs
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40259&amp;channel-name=BioDrugs
Birth Defects Research. Part C, Embryo Today
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/102527247
BMC developmental biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcdevbiol/rss/
BMC endocrine disorders
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcendocrdisord/rss/
BMC genetics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcgenet/rss/
BMC genomics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcgenomics/rss
BMC medical genetics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcmedgenet/rss/
BMC Medical Genomics
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcmedgenomics/rss
Circulation: Cardiovascular Genetics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01337497/current.rss
Clinical Epigenetics
http://www.clinicalepigeneticsjournal.com/latest/rss
Clinical genetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117984292
Cloning
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=po50&amp;ai=sr&amp;jc=clo&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Cloning and stem cells
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=po50&amp;ai=sr&amp;jc=clo&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Community genetics
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=415670
Comparative and functional genomics
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=cfg
Conservation genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1572-9737/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Current gene therapy
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/ben/cgt/latest?format=rss
Current genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-0983/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Current opinion in genetics and development
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0959437X
Cytogenetic and genome research
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=CGR
DNA and cell biology
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ai=ry&amp;jc=dna&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
DNA research
http://dnaresearch.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Epigenetics and Chromatin 
http://www.epigeneticsandchromatin.com/rss
European journal of human genetics
http://www.nature.com/ejhg/current_issue/rss/
European journal of immunogenetics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/25061
Frontiers in genetics
http://feedity.com/frontiersin-org/UFZXVVdT.rss
Functional and integrative genomics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1438-7948/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Gene
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03781119
Gene expression patterns
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/1567133X
Gene Regulation and Systems Biology
http://www.la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=26
Gene Therapy
http://feeds.nature.com/gt/rss/current
Gene therapy
http://www.nature.com/gt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Genes and development
http://www.genesdev.org/rss/current.xml
Genes and genetic systems
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=ggs&amp;rssLang=en
Genes to cells
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118514823
Genes, Brain and Behavior
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118529394
Genes, chromosomes and cancer
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/38250
Genetic epidemiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/35841
Genetic vaccines and therapy
http://www.gvt-journal.com/rss/
Genetical research
http://journals.cambridge.org/data/rss/feed_GRH_rss_2.0.xml
Genetics
http://www.genetics.org/rss/current.xml
Genetics and Environmental Health Week
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=600225
Genetics in medicine
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00125817/current.rss
Genetics, selection, evolution
http://www.edpsciences.org/articles/gse/rss/TOCRSS/rss.xml
Genome
http://pubs.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/rss/gen_ad_e.xml
Genome Integrity
http://www.genomeintegrity.com/rss/
Genome Medicine
http://www.genomemedicine.com/rss
Genome research
http://www.genome.org/rss/current.xml
GenomeBiology.com
http://genomebiology.com/rss
Genomics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6809
Genomics and Genetics Weekly
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=600229
Hereditary Cancer in Clinical Practice
http://hccpjournal.com/rss/
Heredity
http://www.nature.com/hdy/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
HUGO Journal
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1877-6558/?export=rss
Human gene therapy
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ai=s5&amp;jc=hum&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Human genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1203/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Human Genomics
http://www.humgenomics.com/latest/rss
Human Genomics and Proteomics
http://hgp.sagepub.com/rss
Human heredity
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=HHE
Human molecular genetics
http://hmg.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Immunome research
http://www.immunome-research.com/rss/
Indian journal of human genetics
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_28427
Infection, genetics and evolution
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15671348
International Journal of Immunogenetics
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1744-313X
International Journal of Older People Nursing
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118500962
International Journal of Plant Genomics
http://www.hindawi.com/RSS.aspx?journal=ijpg
Investigative Genetics
http://www.investigativegenetics.com/rss
Journal of assisted reproduction and genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-7330/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Community Genetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1868-310x/?export=rss
Journal of genetic psychology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1064869
journal of heredity
http://jhered.oupjournals.org/rss/recent.xml
Journal of medical genetics
http://jmg.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
Mammalian genome
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1777/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Mobile DNA
http://www.mobilednajournal.com/rss/
Molecular Cytogenetics
http://www.molecularcytogenetics.org/rss/
Molecular genetics and genomics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1617-4623/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Molecular genetics and metabolism
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10967192
Molecular Syndromology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.aspx?j=MSY
Mutagenesis
http://mutage.oxfordjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Nature genetics
http://www.nature.com/ng/current_issue/rss
Nature reviews. Genetics
http://www.nature.com/nrg/current_issue/rss
Neurogenetics
http://www.springerlink.com/content/101172/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
PathoGenetics
http://www.pathogeneticsjournal.com/rss/ 
Pharmacogenetics and Genomics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01213011/current.rss
Pharmacogenomics and Personalized Medicine
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=38
Pharmacogenomics Journal
http://www.nature.com/tpj/current_issue/rss/
Physiological genomics
http://physiolgenomics.physiology.org/rss/current.xml
PLoS Genetics
http://genetics.plosjournals.org/perlserv/?request=get-rss&amp;issn=1553-7404&amp;type=toc-articles
Prenatal diagnosis
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/2252
Proteomics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/76510741
Psychiatric genetics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00041444/current.rss
Silence: a journal of RNA regulation
http://www.silencejournal.com/rss/
Standards in Genomic Sciences
http://www.standardsingenomics.org/index.php/sigen/gateway/plugin/WebFeedGatewayPlugin/rss2
Transgenic research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-9368/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Trends in Ecology &amp; Evolution
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01695347
Trends in genetics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01689525
