Annals of clinical microbiology and antimicrobials
http://www.ann-clinmicrob.com/rss/
Annual review of microbiology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=sn&amp;jc=micro&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy
http://aac.asm.org.ezproxy.library.wisc.edu/rss
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek
http://www.springerlink.com/content/100234/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Applied and Environmental Microbiology
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=0cK0_cFqGC4tDVto1RGkYN5piGu5jRgm44u8UKctsdh
Applied microbiology and biotechnology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-0614/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Archives of microbiology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-072X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
BMC microbiology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcmicrobiol/rss/
Canadian journal of microbiology
http://pubs.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/rp/cjm_e.rss
Cellular and molecular immunology
http://www.nature.com/cmi/current_issue/rss
Cellular microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118001384
Clinical and Vaccine Immunology
http://cvi.asm.org/rss
Clinical infectious diseases
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu./cgi-bin/rss?jrnl=CID&amp;type=latestissue
Clinical microbiology and infection
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118544741
Clinical Microbiology Newsletter
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01964399
Clinical Microbiology Reviews
http://cmr.asm.org/rss
Comparative immunology, microbiology and infectious diseases
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01479571
Critical reviews in microbiology
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9j2&amp;jc=mby&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Current microbiology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-0991/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Current opinion in microbiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/13695274
Diagnostic microbiology and infectious disease
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07328893
Eukaryotic cell
http://ec.asm.org/rss
FEMS immunology and medical microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117959054
FEMS microbiology letters
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118512081
FEMS microbiology reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118494448
Food Microbiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/6800
Helicobacter
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118536176
Indian journal of medical microbiology
http://www.ijmm.org/rssfeed.asp
Indian Journal of Pathology and Microbiology 
http://www.ijpmonline.org/rssfeed.asp
Infection and Immunity
http://iai.asm.org.ezproxy.library.wisc.edu/rss
International journal of food microbiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01681605
International Journal of Microbiology
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/ijmb/rss.xml
International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology
http://ijs.sgmjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of applied microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118490255
Journal of basic microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5007687
Journal of eukaryotic microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118000394
Journal of industrial microbiology and biotechnology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/100967/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Medical Microbiology
http://jmm.sgmjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of microbiological methods
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01677012
Letters in applied microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117997861
Microbial cell factories
http://www.microbialcellfactories.com/rss/
Microbiological research
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/urban/141/latest?format=rss
Microbiology
http://mic.sgmjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Microbiology and Immunology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118902525
Microbiology Insights
http://www.la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=108
MicrobiologyOpen
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)2045-8827
Molecular microbiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118541747
Mycoses
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118513269
Protein journal
http://www.springerlink.com/111872/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Reviews in medical microbiology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00013542/current.rss
Revista de microbiologia
http://www.scielo.br/rss.php?pid=0001-3714&amp;lang=pt
Systematic and Applied Mcrobiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07232020
Trends in microbiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0966842X
Yeast
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/3895
