Advanced drug delivery reviews
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0169409X
Alimentary Pharmacology and Therapeutics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117987555
Alimentary Pharmacology and Therapeutics. Symposium Series
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118001917
American journal of health-system pharmacy
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1066248
American journal of therapeutics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00045391/current.rss
Annals of pharmacotherapy
http://www.theannals.com/rss/current.xml
Annual review of pharmacology and toxicology
http://arjournals.annualreviews.org/action/showFeed?ai=so&amp;jc=pharmtox&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Anti-cancer drug design
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/cog/antcan?format=rss
Anti-cancer drugs
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00001813/current.rss
Archiv der Pharmazie
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5007844
Archivos venezolanos de farmacología y terapéutica
http://redalyc.uaemex.mx/principal/RSSRedalyc.html
Australian Journal of Medical Herbalism 
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2032878
Basic and clinical pharmacology and toxicology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118500444
Behavioural pharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00008877/current.rss
Biochemical pharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00062952
BioDrugs
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40259&amp;channel-name=BioDrugs
Biological and pharmaceutical bulletin
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=bpb&amp;rssLang=en
Biomedicine and pharmacotherapy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/07533322
Biopharm International
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=595249
Biopharmaceutics and drug disposition
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/2073
BMC chemical biology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcchembiol/rss/
BMC clinical pharmacology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcclinpharmacol/rss/
BMC pharmacology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpharmacol/rss
BMC pharmacology and toxicology
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpharmacoltoxicol/latest/rss
British journal of clinical pharmacology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117977535
British Journal of Pharmacology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/121548564
Brown University child and adolescent psychopharmacology update
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/110575492
Canadian journal of physiology and pharmacology
http://pubs.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/rp/cjpp_e.rss
Canadian Pharmacists Journal CPJRPC
http://www.cpjournal.ca/action/showFeed?type=etoc&amp;feed=rss&amp;jc=cpha
Cardiovascular drugs and therapy
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-7241/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Cardiovascular Therapeutics
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1527-3466
Chemical and pharmaceutical bulletin
https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/AF05S010NewRssDld?btnaction=JT0040&amp;sryCd=cpb&amp;rssLang=en
Chemical biology and drug design
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118517017
ChemMedChem
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1860-7187
Chinese herbal medicines
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/16746384
Clin-alert
http://cla.sagepub.com/rss/recent.xml
Clinical and experimental allergy
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117999818
Clinical and experimental pharmacology and physiology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117964087
Clinical drug investigation
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/adis/cdi/latest?format=rss
Clinical neuropharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00002826/current.rss
Clinical pharmacokinetics
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40262&amp;channel-name=Clinical%20Pharmacokinetics
Clinical pharmacology and therapeutics
http://www.nature.com/clpt/current_issue/rss/index.html
Clinical Pharmacology: Advances and Applications
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=65
CNS drugs
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40263&amp;channel-name=CNS%20Drugs
Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin
http://dtb.bmj.com/rss/current.xml
Drug Design, Development and Therapy
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=19
Drug development and industrial pharmacy
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9es&amp;jc=ddi&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Drug Law Weekly
http://search.proquest.com/publication.pubrssalertcreate:createpubrsslink/rssZonepubrssalertcreate?t:ac=prod.academic_publications_29434
Drug Metabolism and Disposition
http://dmd.aspetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Drug safety
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40264&amp;channel-name=Drug%20Safety
Drug target insights
http://www.la-press.com/feed.php?journal_id=23
Drug Week
http://rss.proquest.com/rss?rss_id=598054
Drugs
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40265&amp;channel-name=Drugs
Drugs and aging
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40266&amp;channel-name=Drugs%20&amp;%20Aging
Drugs and therapy perspectives
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40267&amp;channel-name=Drugs%20&amp;%20Therapy%20Perspectives
Drugs in Focus
http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/index.cfm?fuseaction=public.Rssfeed&amp;nnodeid=18557
European Journal of Anaesthesiology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00003643/current.rss
European journal of clinical investigation
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118482631
European journal of clinical pharmacology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1041/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
European journal of pharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00142999
European neuropsychopharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0924977X
Experimental and clinical psychopharmacology
http://content.apa.org/journals/pha.rss
Fitoterapia
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0367326X
Fundamental and clinical pharmacology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/117978161
Human psychopharmacology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/4216
Indian Journal of Pharmacology 
http://www.ijp-online.com/rssfeed.asp
Inflammopharmacology
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/vsp/ip/latest?format=rss
International clinical psychopharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004850/current.rss
International Journal of Green Pharmacy 
http://www.greenpharmacy.info/rssfeed.asp
International journal of pharmaceutics
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/03785173
International journal of pharmacy practice
http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/rpsgb/ijpp/latest?format=rss
Investigational new drugs
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-0646/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Advanced Pharmaceutical Technology and Research
http://www.japtr.org/rssfeed.asp
Journal of autonomic pharmacology
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=0
Journal of cardiovascular pharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00005344/current.rss
Journal of Clinical Pharmacology
http://jcp.sagepub.com/rss
Journal of clinical pharmacology
http://jcp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of clinical pharmacy and therapeutics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118511288
Journal of clinical psychopharmacology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00004714/current.rss
Journal of drug issues
http://jod.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Ethnopharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/5084
Journal of labelled compounds &amp; radiopharmaceuticals
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1099-1344
Journal of microencapsulation
http://informahealthcare.com/action/showFeed?ui=0&amp;mi=3s94u5&amp;ai=9j8&amp;jc=mnc&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of ocular pharmacology and therapeutics
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?mi=po50&amp;ai=s1&amp;jc=jop&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Journal of pharmaceutical sciences
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/68503813
Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics
http://jpet.aspetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)2042-7158
Journal of pharmacy practice
http://jpp.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of Pharmacy Practice and Research
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=2048688
Journal of psychopharmacology
http://jop.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml
Journal of the American Pharmacists Association: JAPhA
http://www.metapress.com/content/1544-3450/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Journal of Young Pharmacists
http://www.jyoungpharm.in/rssfeed.asp
Medicinal research reviews
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/34185
Metal-Based Drugs
http://www.hindawi.com/journals/mbd/rss.xml
Microbial drug resistance
http://www.liebertonline.com/action/showFeed?ai=sm&amp;jc=mdr&amp;type=etoc&amp;feed=rss
Molecular pharmaceutics
http://feeds.acs.org/acs/mpohbp
Nature reviews. Drug discovery
http://www.nature.com/nrd/current_issue/rss
Neuropharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00283908
Neuropsychopharmacology
http://www.nature.com/npp/journal/vaop/ncurrent/rss.rdf
Pharmaceutical research
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1573-904X/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Pharmaceutical statistics
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/93012805
PharmacoEconomics
http://link.springer.com/search.rss?facet-content-type=Article&amp;facet-journal-id=40273&amp;channel-name=PharmacoEconomics
Pharmacoepidemiology and drug safety
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/5669
Pharmacogenetics and Genomics
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01213011/current.rss
Pharmacogenomics and Personalized Medicine
http://www.dovepress.com/feed.php?journal_id=38
Pharmacogenomics Journal
http://www.nature.com/tpj/current_issue/rss/
Pharmacological research
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/10436618
Pharmacological reviews
http://pharmrev.aspetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Pharmacology, biochemistry and behavior
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00913057
Pharmacopsychiatry
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/pharmaco.xml
Pharmacotherapy
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1875-9114
Pharmacy Practice
http://rss.ebscohost.com/AlertSyndicationService/Syndication.asmx/GetFeed?guid=1989465
PharmaNutrition
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22134344
Pharmazie
http://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/govi/pharmaz/latest?format=rss
Pharmazie in unserer Zeit
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/70001154
Phytomedicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09447113
Planta medica
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/plantamedica.xml
Psychopharmacology
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-2072/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Regulatory toxicology and pharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/02732300
Research in social and administrative pharmacy
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15517411
Revista Cubana de Farmacía
http://scielo.sld.cu/rss.php?pid=0034-7515&amp;lang=en
Revista Cubana de Plantas Medicinales
http://scielo.sld.cu/rss.php?pid=1028-4796&amp;lang=es
Skin pharmacology and physiology
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=SPP
Therapeutic drug monitoring
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00007691/current.rss
Toxicology and applied pharmacology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0041008X
Trends in pharmacological sciences
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/01656147
