American journal of respiratory and critical care medicine
http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/erss.cgi?rss_guid=00KaQC4svDBoCmEttsNSWu82uCxPJQr7JEIhoCQBrZ9
American journal of respiratory cell and molecular biology
http://ajrcmb.atsjournals.org/rss/current.xml
BMC pulmonary medicine
http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpulmmed/rss
Chest
http://journal.publications.chestnet.org/rss/site_33/99.xml
Clinical pulmonary medicine
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00045413/current.rss
Clinical Respiratory Journal
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1752-699X
Cough
http://www.coughjournal.com/rss/
Current Opinion in Pulmonary Medicine
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00063198/current.rss
European respiratory journal
http://erj.ersjournals.com/rss
European Respiratory Review
http://err.ersjournals.com/rss
Interactive cardiovascular and thoracic surgery
http://intl-icvts.ctsnetjournals.org/rss/current.xml
Journal of Bronchology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00128594/current.rss
Journal of Bronchology and Interventional Pulmonology
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//01436970/current.rss
Journal of cardiothoracic surgery
http://www.cardiothoracicsurgery.org/rss/
Journal of thoracic and cardiovascular surgery
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00225223
Journal of thoracic imaging
http://194.66.22.134/rss/journals//00005382/current.rss
Lung
http://www.springerlink.com/content/1432-1750/?sortorder=asc&amp;export=rss
Lung India
http://www.lungindia.com/rssfeed.asp
Multidisciplinary Respiratory Medicine
http://www.mrmjournal.com/latest/rss
Respiration
http://content.karger.com/ProdukteDB/rss.asp?j=RES
Respiratory Care
http://rc.rcjournal.com/rss/current.xml
Respiratory Investigation
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/22125345
Respiratory medicine
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/09546111
Respiratory physiology and neurobiology
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/15699048
Respiratory research
http://respiratory-research.com/rss/
Respirology
http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/rss/journal/118536470
RT
http://www.rtmagazine.com/news/rss.asp
Seminars in respiratory and critical care medicine
http://www.thieme-connect.com/rss/thieme/en/srccm.xml
Thoracic Cancer
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/rss/journal/10.1111/(ISSN)1759-7714
Thorax
http://thorax.bmjjournals.com/rss/current.xml
